docs/source/writing-tests.rst, before:

Writing Tests
=============

(New in version 4.7.0)

It is possible to script npyscreen application keyboard input for the purposes of testing.  

The npyscreen module exports the following dictionary containing the relevant settings::

    TEST_SETTINGS = {
        'TEST_INPUT': None,
        'TEST_INPUT_LOG': [],
        'CONTINUE_AFTER_TEST_INPUT': False,
        }

If 'TEST_INPUT' is None the application progresses normally.  If it is an array, keystrokes are loaded from the left hand side of the array and fed to the application in place of getting input from the keyboard.  Note that special characters such as *curses.KEYDOWN* can be handled, and control characters can be indicated by a string such as *"^X"*.

A keypress that is fed to the application in this way is automatically appended to *'TEST_INPUT_LOG'*, so it is possible to see where an error occurred when handling input.

If 'CONTINUE_AFTER_TEST_INPUT' is true, then after the automatic input has been specified, *'TEST_INPUT'* is set to *None* and the application continues normally.  If it is False, then the exception *ExhaustedTestInput* is raised instead.

Convenience Functions (new in version 4.8.5)
--------------------------------------------

.. py:function:: npyscreen.add_test_input_from_iterable(iterable)
	
	Add each item of `iterable` to `TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT']`.

.. py:function:: npyscreen.add_test_input_ch(ch)

	Add `ch` to `TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT']`.


Example
-------

The following is a trivial example::

    #!/usr/bin/python
    import curses
    import npyscreen
    import unittest

    npyscreen.TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT'] = [ch for ch in 'This is a test']
    npyscreen.TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT'].append(curses.KEY_DOWN)
    npyscreen.TEST_SETTINGS['CONTINUE_AFTER_TEST_INPUT'] = True

    class TestForm(npyscreen.Form):
        def create(self):
            self.myTitleText = self.add(npyscreen.TitleText, name="Events (Form Controlled):", editable=True)
    
    class TestApp(npyscreen.StandardApp):
        def onStart(self):
            self.addForm("MAIN", TestForm)
    

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        A = TestApp()
        A.run()

Commit message:

Rescued more recent documentation about writing tests. From 929.

docs/source/writing-tests.rst, after:

Writing Tests
=============

(New in version 4.7.0)

It is possible to script npyscreen application keyboard input for the purposes of testing.  

The npyscreen module exports the following dictionary containing the relevant settings::

    TEST_SETTINGS = {
        'TEST_INPUT': None,
        'TEST_INPUT_LOG': [],
        'CONTINUE_AFTER_TEST_INPUT': False,
        'INPUT_GENERATOR': False
        }

If 'TEST_INPUT' is None the application progresses normally.  If it is an array, keystrokes are loaded from the left hand side of the array and fed to the application in place of getting input from the keyboard.  Note that special characters such as *curses.KEYDOWN* can be handled, and control characters can be indicated by a string such as *"^X"*.

A keypress that is fed to the application in this way is automatically appended to *'TEST_INPUT_LOG'*, so it is possible to see where an error occurred when handling input.

If 'CONTINUE_AFTER_TEST_INPUT' is true, then after the automatic input has been specified, *'TEST_INPUT'* is set to *None* and the application continues normally.  If it is False, then the exception *ExhaustedTestInput* is raised instead.  This would allow a unittest to then test the state of the application.  

'INPUT_GENERATOR' can be set to an iterable object.  Each keypress will be read by calling `next(INPUT_GENERATOR)`.  Provided the iterable object chosen is thread-safe, this makes it easy to use one thread to feed the test input.  This can be used in preference to TEST_INPUT.  New in Version 4.9 and added at user request.



Convenience Functions (new in version 4.8.5)
--------------------------------------------

.. py:function:: npyscreen.add_test_input_from_iterable(iterable)
	
	Add each item of `iterable` to `TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT']`.

.. py:function:: npyscreen.add_test_input_ch(ch)

	Add `ch` to `TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT']`.
    

Preventing Forking for writing unittests
----------------------------------------

In order to avoid a memory leak in the underlying curses module, the npyscreen library sometimes chooses to run the application code in a forked process.  For testing purposes this is usually undesirable, and you probably want to pass `fork=False` to the `run()` method of your application for testing purposes.




Example
-------

The following is a trivial example::

    #!/usr/bin/python
    import curses
    import npyscreen

    npyscreen.TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT'] = [ch for ch in 'This is a test']
    npyscreen.TEST_SETTINGS['TEST_INPUT'].append(curses.KEY_DOWN)
    npyscreen.TEST_SETTINGS['CONTINUE_AFTER_TEST_INPUT'] = True

    class TestForm(npyscreen.Form):
        def create(self):
            self.myTitleText = self.add(npyscreen.TitleText, name="Events (Form Controlled):", editable=True)
    
    class TestApp(npyscreen.StandardApp):
        def onStart(self):
            self.addForm("MAIN", TestForm)
    

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        A = TestApp()
        A.run(fork=False)
        # 'This is a test' will appear in the first widget, as if typed by the user.
